>> Jason Lengstorf: The way that I
want this to look is I wanna show
the preview to the left and the text,
like the title and excerpt and
link, to the right of that image.
So if I come in here,
I want the image to live here.
And that means that I'm
gonna use Flexbox again.
So I'm gonna put the image here,
and then I wanna div that will contain all
of this text so that I can put that to
the right of it without having to do
floats or anything weird like that.
So we can come up here to the article and
I'm going to set the display to flex and
then I'm just gonna
override this knowing
what I am about to do and
how that's gonna affect things,
I'm just gonna get rid of that margin.
And then here I want a div.
>> Jason Lengstorf: I'm gonna to wrap
that around the whole thing, and
I think that's everything we needed.
Let's take a look.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Nope,
it doesn't like, yes.
Because we haven't actually
pulled in our source yet.
So we need to actually get that.
And to do that,
we're gonna go into our posts, and
we just need to add in the image.
So I'm gonna get the image,
I'm gonna get the childImageSharp and
get the fluid, and then I want
the Gatsby Image Sharp Fluid_with Webp,
okay?
Let me just verify that I
didn't typo any of that, good.
Yeah, let's play with some settings too,
like let's resize this image and stuff.
Let's make it square, so
we're going to make our images a 100
pixel by 100 pixel square thumbnail.
And then I want to change
the colors on it too.
So now I'm going to make
it a duo tone image, and
I want the shadow to be this color,
let's call it, yeah.
663399, and then I'm going
to set the highlight to be this DDBBFF.
>> Jason Lengstorf: So I've got my fluid
call and I'm able to just kind of set some
things on here, what I want it to
look like,and upon doing that,
that's going to give me back this image.
And then I just need to come back
down here and, let's also name this.
I'm gonna alias this to sharp
because it's just easier to type.
So then I need to grab the image out.
And here we go for a matter image, right?
So now we've got our post,
whenever we do the static query,
we're also going to get image data back
for the post, which means that in the post
preview now I have,
>> Jason Lengstorf: Post
image sharp fluid.
Because again, I did,
discket becomes the post
and then we set it to
post ImageSharpFluid, so
when I drop this in here, I'm gonna
have to stop and restart the server,
cuz we just changed the Graph 2.0 query.
And let me fix that warning real quick,
because we stopped using link in index,
and I just don't want that to be,
we're not using that anymore,
so we can drop that out.
So now when we go to our post preview.
When we reload.
Okay that's closer but
that's definitely not right.
Like this is kind of a big mess.
So let's figure out what I did wrong and
I'll tell you
I set this to be 100% as opposed
to 100 pixels, so there we go.
So by setting this to 100 pixels,
now we have these kind of
dual tone images set up
that are displayed here.
And again, like we didn't have to do
any image processing, we didn't have to
add a whole bunch of extra stuff,
we just use Gatsby's built-in performance
optimizations to load these images in
a way that is better for performance.
And if we look at the sizes on these,
these images are, they're not huge.
But you can see, too,
what we're actually setting out,
we've got the sizes,
the source that gets set up to
everything from 25 pixels
wide all the way up to 4,
032 pixels wide, cuz apparently,
that's how big the original is.
We have a fallback source.
We have our alt set, and then it does some
kind of art direction stuff with
the picture and all those good things.
And what that means is like that's
how we get the web [INAUDIBLE]
All this is just being done
under the hood for you.
That's what Gatsby Images is built to do.
And if we look at the size,
these images are 2 kilobytes
as opposed to being whatever, however
many megabytes they were as originals.
Plus we go to do some
cool art direction and
kinda make it sort of matchy matchy
with our header, which is really cool.